[upbeat Indian music]
-[camera clicks]
-[woman] You ready, girls?
-Nice.
Do it again, do it again. Nice.
-[camera clicks]
-And a few more.
[camera clicks]
That's great.
Do that again.
[camera clicks]
Bring it back in, bring it back in.
-Go on, Erin.
-[click]
-Go on, keep going.
Yeah, that's awesome.
Love it.
Okay, let's do a team photo.
So, everyone who's taller, on the back.
Ready?
And then spin it. Oh, I love it.
[camera clicks]
Let's give it up
for the Hackney Wick Ladies!
-Three, two, one, Hackney!
-[camera clicks]
[laughter]
[phone rings]
-Jim.
-Oh, hello, Pia.
What are you doing?
-Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry.
-[zips up trousers]
The foxes have been in your bins again.
-Don't worry, I'll sort it out.
-Shh!
Can you put your penis away
whilst you're doing it?
And just to clarify, I said
you could pee in the studio,
not on the studio.
-Yeah, yeah, yeah.
-All right, mate.
-Sorry. Whoops!
-Okay.
-Good luck, girls.
-[girls] Thank you.
[sighs]
[phone rings]
Oh, shit!
-[gasps]
-Hello?
Why didn't you answer first time?
-I'm in the middle of something.
-Did you forget?
No, I didn't forget!
-I'm nearly there. I was just...
-"Just, just." What "just?"
Mum, chill out. I'm on my way.
Come on, Beta. You know I need you there.
Hurry up and leave.
I'm literally minutes away.
I think she's still in bed.
Look, wig-head, stop winding Mum up.
-I'm not winding her up.
-[thud]
-What was that noise?
-Nothing! I'm fine!
I bet you're looking
in the mirror right now.
You look like Cynthia from the
Rugrats.
Hey, watch your tone.
I'm two years older than you, remember.
Eighteen months,
but, sure, my respected Didi.
Yeah, I'm a businesswoman.
A respected pillar of the community.
-I don't know what she's saying.
-[Mum]
What are you saying?
-I'm coming!
-P, hurry up!
Oh, you're running away
from good taste again?
Huh?
How much did we make from the girlies?
-Nothing. I've gotta go. Bye.
-Pia, we can't afford charity!
-[bell rings]
-[door closes]
-You all right?
-I can't talk, Jim. I gotta go!
Sorry, sweetheart. Sorry.
Sorry. Sorry.
Whoa! Wait.
[bus doors close]
No! [grunts]
What the...
-It's fine. It's fine.
-[Mum] Beta, what happened?
-Where are your shoes?
-It's a long story.
-Can we just get some shoes?
-No!
It's a half-hour appointment,
and we can't come all the way
back to London.
Some magic treasure
is waiting for both of you.
What do you mean?
As our scriptures say,
"Curiosity is not a sin,
but we should exercise caution
with our curiosity."
-Hang on, isn't that...?
-[both] Dumbledore?
Watched
Goblet of Fire
last night.
-Oh, nice.
-[Mum] Shh!
Let the games begin!
[man]
Madame Jaswani.
Please. It's my pleasure to accompany you.
After you.
So, some of these pieces
have been in our family for generations.
And the rest I have collected
throughout my lifetime.
Not for me, but for you.
-Oh, my God!
-[exhales]
This is your wedding jewellery.
Oh, my God!
And this, sweetheart, is for you.
-[gasps]
-Are you happy?
Mum, this is amazing. Thank you.
And when you get married,
you can take all of it.
But until then,
it stays safely in this box.
What if I don't get married?
I'm not saying now.
But one day, of course you will.
What if I don't want
to get married? Right?
Guys, what if I want to
continue to grow the studio,
make a positive contribution to the world,
and not be a part of... [exhales]
I'm sorry, Son, what some
may say is a social contract
that's gonna distract me
from focusing on my career?
-Rude.
-What if I don't want that?
Don't even joke about that.
You clearly haven't found
the right man, PiPi.
[Pia] I'm not joking.
Hey, I'm building a life
for myself here, on my own.
I don't need a man to do that.
-You guys don't get it.
-Get what?
You raised me to become
an independent free-thinker.
-Yes, and?
-And because I'm turning 30,
suddenly you're going back
to old-school ways. Wow!
-That's not what I'm saying.
-Look out, Mum.
Atomic bomb is about to blow her top.
Well, Son, you can take my jewellery.
I don't wanna be a part of this.
-Okay, I will.
-Hey, hey, hey.
-What?
-Chill out, Pia.
Next you'll say you don't want kids.
-I don't want kids!
-You love kids!
But they're currently
not a part of the plan!
-[thud]
-[alarm blares]
No, no, it... it was an accident.
Yes, a customer's buttocks
triggered the alarm,
-and now the--
-[sighs] You know what?
Yeah, it was an accident,
but maybe if you guys put a sign
or something above your button,
people wouldn't hit your button
with their buttocks!
-Oh.
-Pia...
-I'm sorry.
-[alarm stops]
I'll go and get some new shoes, Mum.
Beta, I love you so much.
When will you realise this?
Everything I do, I do it for you.
-[Sonal scoffs]
-Bryan Adams?
Oh, yeah.
When you were little,
you had such chubby cheeks
and your two baby front teeth.
Oh, you were so sweet!
And you didn't argue back then.
[sighs] So, I was like
your obedient chipmunk?
You still look like a chipmunk,
to be fair.
[softly] Oh, God.
[♪ "Feet Don't Fail Me Now"
by Joy Crookes]
[chatter, laughter]
Oh, God.
What?
-It's a MAMIL.
-Oh, dear.
-What's a MAMIL?
-Middle-aged man in Lycra.
We'll handle this. Jay, lock the doors.
Thank you for your support.
So nice to see you.
-Thank you very much.
-Did we just make a sale?
Yeah! Five pounds, bitches!
We are so screwed.
God, he's coming.
-You deal with him. I'm not.
-It's okay, I got this.
Hi. Hey. Hi, welcome to the Ninth Mandala.
How can I help you?
Yeah, I need some passport
photos taken, actually.
Yeah, but I need my visa sorted,
and they won't accept these.
-No idea why.
-Interesting attire.
I'm so sorry I can't help you.
This is a portraiture studio.
You could try Sainsbury's
on Bethnal Green Road.
Look, you got loads of cameras
over there! I spy your subject.
There's a printer over there,
and you can cut them with these, no?
-I think you need to leave.
-Calm down, dear.
I am calm, dickhead. Now get out.
-Seriously, get out!
-Yeah, get out, you knob.
And each toe does not need
its own chamber. Go on.
[bell rings]
-Thank God he's gone.
-Yeah.
We should think about passport photos.
-We'd be raking in the cash.
-No, Jay. Don't listen to him.
Remember, we're making art.
This whole studio
is dedicated to my grandma.
I know. And her dream
of being a photographer.
But every letter we're getting
through the door
is a red-lined bill.
Well, we'll be fine. Just have faith.
We're not fine! We need
to find some money soon.
Which means... you might
need to loosen up a little bit.
Huh! I am loose.
Hon, I'm loose.
You're so tight we could mine
diamonds out of your ass.
Well, speaking of diamonds,
today I found out my mum
has been saving all this jewellery for me.
For my wedding.
Enough to pay our debt off 20 times over.
And it's all in this bank
in Golders Green.
We need to rob that bank immeeds.
The only way we can get our
hands on it is if I get married
-and that is never happening.
-Okay, but the bank has said
that we need to pay our arrears
in the next four weeks,
or they'll shut us down.
So, we need to marry you off.
Or at least get you on a date.
-So, come out with me tonight.
-No!
[clears throat] I have plans.
Plus, it's Sonal's engagement tomorrow.
Okay, well, I have a plus one
at a private view
on Redchurch Street tonight.
Which is just down the road,
so no excuses.
There'll be loads of fitties there.
I'm busy.
P, you cannot
just stay here watering plants.
-I love my plants!
-You'll turn into melancholy.
No, I won't. I won't turn into melancholy.
You won't lie in bed,
endlessly browsing Deliveroo,
-dreaming of Shashi Kapoor?
-I love Shashi Kapoor.
Come on, what have you got to lose?
-You might even get some D.
-That is highly unlikely.
It's like an abandoned subway down there.
Well, go and wash your subway.
We're going out.
-Come on.
-Really?
Yes, go on. Scrub it.
[upbeat music plays]
-[Jay] Hi.
-Welcome.
Ooh.
What about him?
No. Come on, come on, go.
Him?
Unusual look, but, no.
Look, he's hot, behind me.
Look, Jay, stop.
-So, what about the apps, then?
-[sighs]
Gonna download them again, or...?
Jay, I hate the apps.
Rejection is always imminent.
Before, after, during sex.
-During?
-Yeah, it doesn't matter.
They're a headfuck, anyway.
So, I'm done with the apps.
Do you remember Big Dick Dinesh?
We don't talk about Big Dick Dinesh.
Shh!
Seriously, when were you last in love?
-Actual love?
-Yes.
-Balls deep in love.
-[chuckles]
Oh, my God!
It was what's-his-name,
wasn't it? Charlie.
Was... Was it Charlie?
Oh, my God. Pia, that was
at school. Are you serious?
Can you not love-shame me?
What happened to you two, then?
He just turned out to be
another suburban boy
that wanted to stay in Welwyn
and run the family business.
I, on the other hand,
if you haven't already noticed,
-I'm a smoking-hot diva.
-Plumes of hotness.
And I had things I wanted,
needed, to do with my life,
like go to uni.
And then that led to...
irreconcilable differences.
Anyway... I did go
and visit him that Christmas.
And then he'd already hooked up
with that stunning red-head called Lucy.
Lucy. It's unbelievable.
Mm! And then, check this.
Now he's gonna be the best man
at Son's wedding.
Jay?
Great, first shaming, now the ghosting.
Sorry, babe, but over your shoulder.
No, don't look yet!
Don't look, don't look!
I can't tell who he's winking at.
Oh, it's definitely me.
But I would consider sharing him
as a plus one at tomorrow's
engagement party,
if you're interested.
This ain't no ride-share, baby.
Fine by me.
-See you tomorrow.
-Bye.
-Where are we?
-We're nearly there.
[Jay] Is this it?
-[exhales] Ready?
-Yeah.
-We're in, we are out.
Stealth, agility.
-We're like ninjas, okay?
-Yeah. In, out.
And do not, I repeat, do not
get sucked into the mentalism.
-Pia!
-Whoa!
-[groans]
-Oh, my God.
-It's okay. It's okay.
-[grunts]
Are you all right?
It's how we say "hi" in this family.
-Hi.
-Hey, Son.
JJ! Look at you.
You're the most beautiful man in town.
[chuckles] Looking fire as always, Sonal.
You remember my mum.
-Beta.
-Hey.
Hi.
It's wonderful to see you after
all this time, Auntie Laxmi.
Oh, Jay, so handsome as always.
Why did you have to be
one of the gays, hmm?
-You're so perfect for our Pia.
-I can only apologise.
-[chuckles]
-[phone rings]
Oh, one second. [speaks in Hindi]
This, bitches, this is my conscience.
My bible. May I present to you
our wedding itinerary?
-Wow, Son, this is...
-[Jay] Ooh.
a lot.
So, every last detail of my wedding
has been planned through
my blood, sweat and tears.
Whoa, it's like you wrote it
on your period.
So, we got the engagement, the shagun,
the mehndi-henna night, the sangeet,
the wedding, the reception.
Oh, so it takes place over a year?
No! Don't be silly. It's only a month.
You are gonna look so cute.
[Pia] Oh. [chuckles]
Damn, PiPi, look at you.
You're wearing shoes and everything.
[clears throat]
Ah! You're gonna read it, though, right?
-Yeah.
-Because I need you on board
for the most important month of my life!
[both] Yay!
Seriously, Son, don't worry about me.
This is all about you.
Hmm! Don't worry. I have
got a make-up artist on call.
You're gonna need him.
-We need to head to Sam's place.
-[phone chimes]
In exactly two hours.
Shit, I need to get ready.
[footsteps recede upstairs]
[sighs]
Sorry, PiPi? That's your family nickname?
Yeah. Say it in the real world
and I'll fire you.
PiPi, you too.
Can you fire me if you haven't
paid me in two months?
[dramatic music plays]
-This way, please.
-[Sonal] Where's Sam? Ah!
I thought the wedding was next month.
Oh, no, it's like Sonal said,
Indian weddings are epic.
This event is the first
of approximately seven...
-Seven?
-...ty-five... thousand.
How do I look?
-I mean, the hair is--
-Okay.
-Do you not like my curls?
-We all have to head to the den.
We have a special event for
the family before the party starts.
Jay, you're included, of course.
-I am? Oh, thank you.
-Wait, what's this now?
Ah, wouldn't you like to know?
-Hmm?
-I like these.
Hey, Mama. Lovely to see you.
Mum and Dad send their love.
They're in the house
finalising everything.
I hope this is all to your liking.
Oh, it's wonderful!
Yes! Yes.
Oh, Pia, hey.
-Sam.
-Hi.
I'm Sam, the husband-to-be.
Hi. I'm Jay, the, uh, gay bestie.
[chuckles]
Come and sit. Come on.
-He's cute.
-Yeah, they're very cute.
-Pia, come and sit.
-What is going on?
If you come and sit down,
you'll find out what's going on.
-[Sonal] Jay. Yep.
-[Jay] Okay, right. Yep.
And how is the Ninth Mandala?
[Pia] It's going great. Yeah.
-Is it?
-Yes, sir.
-Yes. Yes.
-He's being modest.
I was worried, but it sounds
like things are coming together.
Yeah, print sales are going up.
They're very high in demand.
[chuckles] And we have just
rearranged the studio,
so, uh, now customers
are walking in from the rear.
-"Entry from the backside only."
-[Jay and Sonal laugh]
-I don't get it.
-You get it.
Cos in India we say,
"Entry from the backside only."
[laughs] Sounds like...
Sounds like anal sex.
-[chuckles]
-[man] Hey!
-Hey, Dad.
-How are we doing? Okay?
Yeah.
-Hey, darling.
-Thank God you're here.
I'm glad I'm here too.
Mum, it's getting late.
Guests are gonna be arriving soon.
Pandit Ramprakash Balakrishnan
Subramanium Fuggaji
will be here very soon.
-Have some patience, Beta.
-He's a crook. They all are.
Like you know anything
about spiritual matters.
-[chiming]
-[Mum speaks in Hindi]
Namaste. Namaste.
-Namaste. Namaste.
-[camera clicks]
-[Sam, Sonal]
Namaste.
-[speaks in Hindi]
[groans]
[sniffs]
[quietly] Oh, no.
He's got her Janampatri.
Her Janama-what?
It's her astrological chart.
He is gonna do her reading.
Your wedding is 14th October?
Yes, Fuggaji. Is there a problem?
You, uh...
have an excellent uterus.
-Come on!
-[Fuggaji] Very strong energy.
Magnetic quality.
You will be blessed with a pregnancy
at the first attempt.
[laughs] Well done.
[Fuggaji speaks Hindi]
Pia, I've asked Pandit-ji to do not one,
-but two readings today.
-Oh, no.
-Oh, yes.
-Uh, no.
-No!
Throwing good money after bad, huh?
[speaks in Hindi]
Hey. I'll do it, I'll do it.
Just... keep it light.
Janampatri says
you are going to be 30 this year.
Yeah.
[Fuggaji] Time is running out, huh?
[laughs]
-How's her uterus doing?
-Jay! Not now.
[chuckles] What Jay means, Fuggaji,
is I am happily unmarried.
Show me your palm.
I don't need to show you my hand.
-[squeals] Mum!
-Oh, Pia, show him your palm.
Her love line and her career line
are directly intertwined.
-[Mum] See?
-Which means what exactly?
-Jay, what are you doing?
-Just...
[loud thud]
[chiming]
[Fuggaji chants]
This is a Vashikaran mantra.
It is to attract love.
It will give you control
over a person's mind and soul.
-That's some dark shit.
-Yeah.
-[Fuggaji grunts]
-He's up.
-[Fuggaji] I guarantee it.
-[chiming]
Your life partner will be
one of the next
five persons you will meet.
Wait. Pandit-ji, one of her next
five dates will be her soulmate?
-What?
-Exactly!
Five. That's it, Beta.
I am sorry, I have to leave now.
I have an exorcism
of a chartered accountant in Bexley Heath.
Sounds like a hook-up.
-[chatter in Hindi]
-Namaste.
-Thank you so much.
[says farewells in Hindi] Toot-a-loo!
-Toot-a-loo.
-Bye.
-[Fuggaji speaks in Hindi]
[Indian music plays]
[chatter, laughter]
-[music stops]
-[cheering and applause]
Well, that was incredible.
Guys, one more time for
the Welwyn Bharatanatyam Academy.
-Who is that?
-[man] Next up, Shiv Saini.
Give him a warm welcome, guys.
Holy fucknuts.
That guy's an absolute smash.
Shiv here says he can multiply
any two-digit numbers together
and come up with the right
answer every single time.
Let's put him to the test.
Can I have a two-digit number,
please? Anyone.
I'll give you my number. [laughs]
-Very funny, Mrs Viswanathan.
-[chuckles]
Forty-three.
Forty-three. Thank you very much.
One more two-digit number, please.
Let's try sixty-nine.
-Yes, let's! Lovely number.
-Shh!
Okay.
-[gasps]
-Forty-three
-multiplied by sixty-nine.
-[exhales]
Two thousand, nine hundred
and sixty-eight.
Ladies and gentlemen, he is correct.
-Make some noise. Well done.
-[cheering]
Guys, we'll be back very shortly
with some more entertainment.
What? He's adorable.
That's Charlie.
Charlie, your first love, Charlie?
Yes.
-Drink?
-Yep!
[both] Double.
Come on. Jane, photos.
-You gonna go talk to him then?
-Mm-mm!
What do you mean, "Mm-mm"?
If he wants to talk, he can come to me.
I'm not running to him.
Oh, what's going on here, then?
Please explain, immeeds.
Oh, it's for the family back home.
-So they think they're still--?
-Together, yeah.
No.
No one in India knows they've
been divorced for 15 years.
They're gonna continue this charade
for the whole wedding.
It's Jane I feel sorry for.
-Okay.
-Pia? Beta, come.
-Can you get me another?
-Yeah.
-Hi, Jane, hi.
-[Mum] Come, come, Beta.
-Okay.
-Thank you, Jane.
All the pieces in the jigsaw
are coming together, huh, Sonal?
But we need to keep an eye
on this five-dates business.
Make sure Pia also secures her partner.
I don't think that's necessary.
Wait. I've got an idea.
Why don't we each plan a date
for Pia before the wedding?
She then chooses a winner
and brings them as a date
on our wedding day.
That sounds like a TV show
I'd like to binge.
That is a great idea! Excellent.
I'm gonna kill you.
Mum, I don't really believe
in this astrology crap.
And, uh, I don't wanna get married.
-Come here, Beta.
-[chuckles] Okay.
Thanks, Mum.
Beta, what if I was to walk out,
get hit by a truck and die,
-and this was the last time we spoke.
-Dad!
Imagine how you would feel.
Mum, Mum. Still at my
engagement, okay? Keep it light.
You would never
be able to stop regretting.
It would eat you up inside,
this pain, but it would be too late.
In which case, the sooner
we sort these dates, the better.
Correct.
Listen, this is just five dates, okay?
Now look, I don't believe
in astrology either,
although I am a Pisces,
but I do believe in sex,
mischief, and romance,
and this is just the place
for all of that.
Especially the sex part,
which you need. Badly.
Jay, we don't need men
to make us feel whole.
-We've got--
-Look, PiPi,
I know you must have all types
of shit stored up
that you can't deal with.
Like how I'm obviously Mum's favourite,
even though you are the firstborn.
-What?
-Don't you ever think about
how much Mum and Dad sacrificed?
Of course I do.
So this would mean
a hell of a lot to them.
And we only just so happen
to be in the perfect place
to kick this off. Be right back.
Jay, this party is proper Welwyn.
There's no way
my soulmate's gonna be here.
-[Jay] I really hope he is.
-[Sonal] Pia?
If only to keep your parents
from twigging about the studio.
"Business is booming"?
-Look who it is! Akshay Dham.
-Hello, Pia.
-Dham! Darl! Oh.
-Hi.
It's been a while. You're looking well.
-And you.
-You still working for my mum?
Yes, well, what can I say?
I got caught in her orbit,
couldn't escape.
Your mother has
the gravitational pull of...
Uranus?
I... need to check the flowers.
-I will assist you.
-I need to come as well.
-I'm coming. I'm coming!
-No, no, no! You stay.
Try and... enjoy.
[chuckles]
-That was subtle.
-Yeah.
First time being ambushed at a wedding?
I'm a single brown man in my 30s.
This is not my first rodeo.
You do have that desirable
bachelor feel about you.
That will get aunties on the case.
The ones with the daughters, right?
-Daughters. Occasionally sons.
-Hmm!
I was at a wedding in Harrow
the other week.
The aunties there were very progressive.
Hmm!
I'm actually gonna make my escape.
I have a pile of marking
due tomorrow morning.
Gotcha. I would avoid that corner.
-[Akshay] Good shout.
-[Pia] Yeah.
-Good luck.
-Thank you. Yeah.
[upbeat music]
-[camera clicks]
-Thank you, Pia.
[laughs]
[camera clicks]
Hey.
-Hey!
-How's it going?
-Hey. Yeah, good.
-Good to see you.
-You, too. Long time.
-Yeah.
What are you doing here? Wedding security?
Oh, no, I am the best man, actually.
-Yeah.
-Surely you know that, right?
-Yeah, I forgot.
-You forgot?
-How are you?
-I'm good. I'm good.
Um, still at the restaurant in Welwyn.
Changed the whole menu.
We're doing Pan-Asian fusion
mixed with European fine dining.
It's going well.
Makes a lot of sense
cos you love exotic flavours.
Bit of spice.
Sorry, not sari!
[Charlie chuckles] Okay.
[clears throat] Did you, uh...
Did you come alone tonight,
or did you bring someone?
No, no, brought a close friend.
I feel bad, he doesn't really know anyone.
-Pia!
-Is that him there?
Yeah, yeah, that's him.
-Poor guy.
-Yeah.
I've never seen him
look so depressed in his life.
So how are you?
I heard that you've got your own
photography studio in Hackney.
It's literally, like,
what you've always wanted.
-Congratulations.
-Thank you.
I'm sure that degree
in Renaissance Literature's
really coming in handy.
Yeah, well, I've heard
that you can't seem to shake
your overwhelming urge to date red-heads.
Charlie! Charlie! [laughs]
-Hey.
-This is amazing.
-Yeah.
-So sorry I'm late.
I definitely was not watching
Love Island.
[laughs]
-[Charlie] Heh-hey!
-[laughs]
This is Pia. Pia, this is Lily.
-Hi.
-Hi. Hey, I'm... I'm Pia.
Oh, bring it in!
[laughs] You look amazing!
Thank you. So do you.
We're just catching up.
Pia's an old friend.
Do you mind giving us five minutes?
-Yeah, sure.
-Is that all right?
-I'll go to the bar.
-Cool.
-See ya. [laughs]
-Thanks, Lily.
-Wow, she's--
-Big
Love Island
fan, yeah.
Wait! Look at you.
[Charlie] Just so you know,
me and Lily, we just met, actually.
She's just... incredibly affectionate.
Yeah, I bet she is.
This isn't really going exactly
how I imagined it would.
How did you imagine it?
Look at you two!
Maid of honour and best man catching up.
Oh, isn't it brilliant? [chuckles]
I understand it's a bit weird
and it's been a long time,
but I thought it would be
a good opportunity to catch up,
spend some time together like we used to.
Yeah, I'd love that.
You, me, Lily, it'll be great.
Well, I haven't asked,
but she might be into it.
Ha-ha. Very funny. Threesome jokes.
You kind of left me no choice, though.
[clears throat] I'm, uh...
I'm gonna get another drink.
[Indian music]
[whooping]
One minute he's like,
"I wanna support you.
You could be independent."
And then you know what? They just leave.
Hmm! Case in point.
[music continues]
Hey!
I'm having fun!
[whoops]
[music fades]
-[snores]
-[knocking at door]
[gasps]
-[door opens]
-[groans]
[Jay] Good morning, Princess PiPi.
[sighs]
So, how'd it go with Charlie?
Oh... [groans]
It's not good.
He's dating
Love Island's
biggest fan.
I will wrestle anyone for that title.
[sighs]
Charlie's moved on.
Well, maybe it's time you did, too.
Okay.
Where's my phone?
[groans]
Send.
[phone chimes]
[groans]
[phone rings]
Hey, Dad, how's it going?
Ah, Beta, I've arranged
a date for you, huh,
with a son of a Bombay bigwig.
I don't care about appearances.
What's he like?
What's he like? He's rich.
He'll be able to look
after you, set up a studio.
I'm texting you the address.
I've gotta go, darling.
Gotta run. See you later.
And good luck and let me know
how it goes, huh? Okay.
Bye.
-Get this.
-Hmm?
My dad has set me up
with some loaded nepo baby.
-Ooh, he's rich?
-Apparently so.
Right, if you end up liking this guy,
all of our problems go away.
The studio is saved and I can
start earning minimum wage.
This way.
Why are you not rich like me?
Ah! Homeless!
Ah, the poor, they smell!
-[grunts]
-Hello!
Huh?
[chuckles] Hi.
Pia! Oh, darling.
I am Sid. It is an absolute pleasure...
for you to meet me.
Would you like a drink?
-Sure, what are you drinking?
-[claps]
I have devised a special drink
in your honour.
It is a bit of spicy rum,
a bit of pineapple,
orange juice and a bit of turmeric.
Because you're very spicy yourself.
And I call it a Pia colada.
-[chuckles]
-Because your name is Pia.
-Yeah.
-And piña colada. [laughs]
It's wordplay. [laughs]
-See what you did there.
-Yeah.
-Please.
-Thank you.
[laughs]
Wow, you've got servants?
Yeah, don't worry about that.
Take a... take a sip.
Ease some of those
blind-date nerves. [chuckles]
-Mmm.
-Mmm!
-[English accent] Cheers!
-Cheers.
No, seriously, you've got servants?
You know, "servants"
is such a loaded word.
These people, they're like my family.
Sundha here,
he used to bathe me when
I was just a little
bambino.
-Aw!
-You know?
He has seen nooks and crannies of my body
that no one on this Earth has seen.
[both laugh]
-Hey, Sundha.
-[shouts] Ah! Sundha!
-He doesn't touch.
-It's okay.
But really family.
-I get it.
-Yeah.
-It's hard with family.
-Mm-hmm.
Like sometimes, my mum...
[scoffs] when she's...
I just wanna call her a bitch.
Sometimes you have to.
I call my mum a bitch all the time.
-[laughs] Yeah.
-[laughs]
I don't actually, though. I'm just joking.
I don't... I don't do that to my mum.
Yeah, same. No, I'd never do that.
-It's... Mummy.
-Yeah.
[chuckles]
Okay. Um, where are you from?
Me? I'm from here, there, everywhere.
You know, I went to international school.
-Oh!
-But we would summer in Mumbai.
Have you been?
No, but, uh, my sister and I,
we grew up watching
all the Bollywood movies.
-Mm-hmm.
-We'd re-enact them together.
"Yeh haath humko de de Thakur."
-Hmm...
-Or, um, "Martin, you bastard!"
Mmm... I'm not really into
Bollywood. It's very tacky.
-Oh.
-I'm more into Western cinema.
The classics, you know.
Like
Speed
and
Speed 2.
I was listening to a podcast
on the way here,
-um, how the soundtracks--
-Shh!
Oh, my God, Pia.
The cheekbones. I've just noticed.
You have the face of a goddess.
Please tell me your contour regime.
I-I don't have a regime.
It's natural?!
-Yeah.
-Oh, my God.
Pia, I would literally
stab a baby in the throat
to have your bone structure.
[chuckles]
That's... really intense.
Okay, Pia, let's get down
to the nitty-gritty.
-Enough foreplay. [chuckles]
-[laughs]
Let's jump into bed.
Tell me about the Ninth Mandala.
You know my studio?
Of course. And let me
tell you something, Pia.
I... want... to... invest... in... you.
-What?! Really?
-Yeah.
I thought this was a date.
I'm sorry. [chuckles]
It is.
Well, it kind of feels like
The Apprentice.
[laughs] Well, if they are,
then, "You're hired!"
-[chuckles]
-It's what he does on the show.
Um, I'm just gonna go and... freshen up.
I'm gonna go wash my hands.
Yeah, the toilet is just... Um, Pia?
Are you doing a number one
or a number two?
Excuse me?
Are you going for a pee, Pia?
[chuckles] It's wordplay.
No, you probably
don't even do number twos.
Your poos are probably lovely,
like little unicorn, beautiful things.
Uh, house rules.
Only I'm allowed to do number twos.
Sorry, it's kind of a control
issue thing. I'm working on it.
So, you're definitely not gonna
go for a number two, yeah?
-Promise me?
-I'm just gonna wash my hands.
-Right.
-No intentions of taking a shit.
-Well, enjoy then. [chuckles]
-Thank you.
-See you soon.
-Yeah, you too.
Thanks. Upstairs to the right?
Won't be long.
Where's the switch?
I'm just trying to find the light.
Oh.
Light off.
Lights on.
Oh, okay. I think I got it.
[door closes]
Toilet paper on.
Uh, tissues. Arse wipes!
[beeping, whirring]
[gasps] Oh! Shit.
[squeals] Stop!
[rapid beeping, whirring stops]
-[knocking at door]
-Is everything okay?
Yeah, everything's fine.
[toilet flushes]
[hums]
Oh! [chuckles] There you are, Pia.
You were gone for so long,
I missed you. [chuckles]
Beautiful bathroom.
I've gotta bounce.
But this has been great.
Pia, what are you talking about,
bounce? Are you a bloody ball?
-What are you talking about?
-That's funny. But I have to go.
I haven't even told you my proposal yet.
Please, just give me five minutes. Sit.
Silly girl. Okay, so...
I will give you all the money
that you're looking for.
And in return, all I want
is for you to be my wife.
Huh?
Not like a proper wife, of course.
We will be married legally, prenup.
But no kissing, no touching, no hugging.
I hate human contact,
I'll be honest with you.
And all I require from you is
three events every six months.
Just be on my arm
as my pretty little thing.
-[scoffs]
-Okay? So, do we have a deal?
-Uh, no.
-Pia, don't be silly.
This is a no-brainer.
-Get the contract!
-No, it's not happening!
Do you know who I am?
Yeah, I know who you are!
You are nothing but a man-child,
pearl-wearing nepo baby.
And your wordplay, I'm sorry, it's shit.
And I... I can say no
to whoever the fuck I want, okay?
-And I poop every morning.
-Pia, did you poo in my toilet?
[toilet flushes]
-How dare you, Pia?
-Shit.
You know what? With that kind of attitude,
you will never find love!
What's going on? Where's everyone going?
Sundha, come back here!
What is going on? What is this?
[screams]
This is what I was saying.
Hurry up! Help me!
[upbeat music plays]
Don't touch me! Don't touch me!
I know you did a poo, Pia.
[phone rings]
-[phone beeps]
-Hi, Dad.
-How did it go?
-I trashed his apartment.
-Huh?
-Dad, I can't believe
you set me up with someone
using seeking matches.
-I thought you knew him.
-Come on, darling.
He's the heir of a billion-dollar
shipping company.
You'll never want for anything.
-[phone vibrates]
-Okay. That's deeply touching,
Dad, but I've gotta go.
It's not the vibe. Son's calling. Bye.
Hey, Son.
Pia, sorry to dive straight in,
-but it's about the party favours.
-The what?
Page 16.
"Maid-of-honour and best-man duties."
Charlie is in town tomorrow.
He can stop by your studio,
you two can discuss.
Charlie's coming? Son, are you hell-bent
on making this as embarrassing
for me as possible?
[Sonal]
Pia, he's changed.
Can you just give him a chance?
For me?
Yeah. Yeah, I... I'll do it.
What's going on?
We really need to find customers
to start making some money.
-We're in a crisis situation.
-[phone rings]
[sighs] Hi, Mum.
I've got an exciting date for you!
Mum, can you...
can you bring the phone lower?
Better?
-Yeah, perfect.
-I'm texting you the details.
No, Mum, please, just enough
with the dates at the moment.
-Just go and be nice. Bye!
-Bye.
-Oh, video call.
-[phone beeps]
Do you think the Janampatri thing is fake?
For sure. But I'm all for it,
cos it gets you dating.
-Who's next?
-I don't know.
Some complete rando my mum set me up with
who's probably addicted
to golfing and gaming and porn.
Ugh.
It's not gonna be romantic, trust me.
[Jay] Oh, pish, just do what I do.
Cup his balls, finger up the bum
and breathe on his neck.
[chuckles]
-Romance is sure to follow.
-[phone chimes]
Well, it is a beautiful day,
and it looks like
I'm going to Hampstead Heath
-for my second date.
-Oh, interesting choice.
[♪ "Uncomfortable" by Josie Man]
[man] Hey!
Pia?
Oh, my God! What a coincidence.
What are you doing here?
[exhales]
I'm on a blind date, actually.
-Me too.
-Oh!
-Yeah.
-Oh.
Mum.
Oh, dear God. Okay.
Oh, God. [chuckles]
-Hi.
-Hey.
-Is this weird?
-Yeah.
Yeah, um, do you mind?
-Cos, honestly, I could...
-No, it's...
actually going much better
than I thought it would.
Okay, great.
-Let's go for a walk. Yeah?
-Yeah.
-You look great, by the way.
-Thank you. So do you.
[song continues]
[camera clicks]
Yeah, that's great. You look great.
-[camera clicks]
-Got enough light?
Or will you just up the exposure a bit?
Bit of a fellow traveller, are we, Akshay?
[chuckles] I dabble a bit.
Which is embarrassing to admit to you.
Why?
Oh, I don't know.
Maybe because I'm not very good
and you're unbelievably talented.
[camera clicks]
That's a very sweet thing to say.
Oh. Maybe, but it's also true.
[chuckles]
[Pia] So, what's it like
working with my mum?
[Akshay] She talks about you quite a lot.
[Pia] Oh, I'm sorry.
She doesn't half go on, I know.
-Hey, don't say that.
-[camera clicks]
Your mum's great company.
We've actually got a mini book club going.
What? Shut up! Mum doesn't read.
After one sentence,
she slips into a deep coma.
She reads.
Yeah, I've been thinking
about her comments
on
The Count of Monte Cristo
all week.
She thinks that Mademoiselle Eugénie
-is a gay icon.
-[camera clicks]
-Mum said that?
-Yeah. She's very insightful.
Can I take your bag?
You're like a 50-year-old
stuck in a 30-year-old's body.
Look at you. It's really cute.
Thank you.
We can't all be as effortlessly
cool as you, I guess.
[Pia] Ah, well, I know! [laughs]
[camera clicks]
This is a great spot for a picnic.
Shame I didn't bring anything.
Oh, no, tell a lie.
Ah, yeah, nice!
Keeping it geriatric
with the butter candy.
I like them.
Well... [clears throat]
May I offer you...
-some strawberries?
-Oh.
And, and...
some...
chocolate fudge brownies?
Thank you.
Mmm. Mmm!
Right?
-Oh, they're good.
-Yeah?
And they're even better with coffee.
Mmm.
-Mm-mm.
-No?
Do you want a... strawberry?
-[grunts]
-No?
-Not a fruit guy, huh?
-[grunts]
[inhales sharply]
[clears throat] My thr... my throat's...
Oh, my God, what's up?
Are there... are there nuts?
I'm... I'm allergic to nu... to nuts.
-[wheezes]
-Oh, shit.
Um, okay, uh... uh...
Help! Someone, help!
Um, hello! He's allergic to nuts!
Does anyone know what to do?!
What do I do, Akshay?!
-My bag. It's in my bag.
-The bag.
The bag. Okay. Um...
-[grunts, wheezes]
-Okay. Um...
Um...
-What am I looking for?!
-Front.
-In the front.
-[wheezes]
Ah, got it!
Um, I don't know how to use this thing.
Ready? Your leg? In the leg?
I don't want to.
I don't think it's a good idea.
I'm not a professional.
And I'm not great with needles.
Wait, Akshay, no... [screams]
-[gasps]
-[exhales]
-[gasps, wheezes]
-[sighs]
-[Akshay inhales deeply]
-[exhales]
Oh! Oh, my God.
[both breathe heavily]
He's okay. He's gonna be fine.
"See? I'm fine."
You're welcome, Akshay.
[Pia chuckles] Oh, God.
[exhales, clears throat]
Akshay, I'm so sorry.
I feel awful.
-How's your eye?
-[inhales sharply]
Oh, God.
Well, no one's ever tried
to kill me on a date before.
Well, I've never saved someone's
life on a date before.
So, we're calling this a date, then?
[both chuckle]
[indistinct chatter]
Do you think they're happier,
more relaxed?
-[girl laughs]
-[Akshay] Than we were, I mean?
Maybe they're just better
with dealing with it.
I, however... not so much.
Well, I'm so surprised
to hear you say that.
Honestly, I would have thought,
growing up with your mum,
it would have been so much easier.
She's so cool. She gets it.
No, not really.
Well, as someone that spends
a lot of time with your mother,
let me tell you that you're very similar.
You're a beautiful, strong,
independent woman,
and you don't need to--
Laxmi, wait.
-You just said--
-No, I didn't.
Yeah, you did.
You just said my mum's name.
Yeah, I-I did. Um, I'm sorry,
that was an accident.
Listen, no nuts,
what the fuck is going on?!
[sputters] W-We go for coffee sometimes.
-Okay, how often?
-[exhales] Every other day?
Well, every day, actually,
and... and, uh, dinner sometimes.
And then what?
Well, there's book club.
Who else is in this book club?
-Well, no one.
-What?!
Akshay, that is not a club!
Okay, your mother is an astonishing woman.
And so are you, so are you.
But I see the woman.
The kindness, the wit, the
joie de vivre.
She's inspirational.
Oh, fuck, I'm in love with her.
[sighs]
-No, no, no!
-[stabbing sound]
[screams]
You stabbed him?
The man gave a whole new meaning
to the term "mummy issues".
But, just to be clear, you stabbed him?
Jay, he said my mum's name.
Straight people are such
messed-up, filthy deviants.
Jeez.
[phone chimes]
There are so many wedding events.
And I've got another date.
Are you sure you're okay to hold the fort?
Yeah, I think I'll be all right.
[phone chimes]
Uh-oh.
-What?
-Uh, look busy.
-[door opens]
-[Charlie] Hey.
-All right?
-Hi.
This a good time?
Sonal texted you, said I was coming.
Yeah, we're just taking a break.
-Cos long day, very busy.
-Hmm.
You know, big order
for some prints of a...
Vintage porn.
Would you like a tea or coffee, mate?
Uh, I'll take a coffee, please.
Espresso if you can.
Espresso, no problem. Coming right up.
[chuckles]
-I've got you these.
-Oh.
From the restaurant.
My pastry chef's a bit of
a wizard, so they're good.
Wow, thank you.
You wanna, uh, show me around?
Yeah, sure. The, uh,
the studio's this way.
This is the space.
Wow. This is stunning.
-Yeah, you like it?
-I do.
I really do.
I feel like I could take
a thousand pictures
and I wouldn't be able to get that look.
Hmm. It's my favourite, too.
You know... [chuckles]
I kind of thought that she would
be more your vibe.
-You know what I'm saying?
-Yeah.
I actually think
I took her to Nando's once.
No, you didn't. Did you?
[both laugh]
-[Charlie] How do you do it?
-[Pia] What?
Take such good photos. How do you do it?
Oh, you know,
I have a... I have a process.
-Do mine.
-[chuckles] Yeah, okay.
[chuckles] Um...
How do I look?
Yeah, that's better.
You look... you look lovely.
Wow, those eyebrows.
-[chuckles]
-Mental as ever.
-Thank you.
-Cheers.
Do you pluck them?
No, I, uh, I don't pluck them.
-[Pia chuckles] Wax them?
-I don't wax them either.
But if I don't trim them
for three, four weeks,
I start to look like...
You know the Swedish Chef
from
The Muppets?
-I'm familiar.
-It's not good.
[Muppet voice] It's lucky
you run a restaurant, then!
-[laughs]
-[camera clicks]
Okay, I'm just gonna go and...
do something else.
Just, um... relax.
Is your boyfriend here?
Boyfriend is kind of strong a word.
[clears throat] I'm dating
a few different people.
[inhales]
Yeah, just exploring
opportunities, you know.
I see.
[quietly] What, you jealous or something?
-What did you say?
-I said,
can I ask you a question?
Sure, you can ask me a question.
-Why are you here?
-Party favours.
Why didn't you call me?
Why come all the way here?
I wanted to see you.
-Why?
-Why do you think?
You tell me, I'm asking.
-Because...
-Because?
Because I still think about you, Pia.
[camera clicks]
That's my process.
I just ask questions
and it just draws out a reaction,
and you get a really authentic photo.
You drew that out,
you're not gonna respond?
[chuckles] Guys, guys! Sorry.
Look what... look what
I just found. [chuckles]
-Pia...
-[Jay chuckles]
-Um...
-Sorry, shall I come back?
No, no, no. No, no. Um...
[chuckles] Yeah, I forgot about these.
Is that you and Sonal?
Yeah, yeah.
Actually, Jay, you've given me an idea
-for the party favours.
-Go on.
We should do a little photo album.
Photos of the bride and groom
from childhood to present.
-Cute, I like it.
-Yeah, easy.
And then we can do disposable cameras.
The guests can take photos
and we put them together
in a wedding album.
Charlie, you can do Sam's photos?
Sure.
[Pia] I'll do Sonal's. It'll be great.
Yeah. Nice one. It's a good idea.
-Yay, we did it!
-[Jay] Yay!
-We are go, team.
-[chuckles] Wahey!
-[squawks]
-Whoo!
-Charlie!
-Yeah.
[clears throat]
No, it's a really good idea.
There's a lot of people,
so I figure the costs are gonna add up
and I just wanted to say
I'm very happy to cover the finances.
Aw, Charlie, that's nice.
I mean, it's fine.
We'll, uh, we'll cover it ourselves.
Well, Pia, he's just...
Sonal did write in her wedding bible
that we should do this together.
That's very generous of you.
I just... I think it's easier
if I maybe do this on my own.
[Charlie] I insist.
[Pia] Well, she's kind of my sister,
and I'm willing to commit
sacrilege on the Holy Bible.
And, uh, yeah, I think
I'll just... I'll call her.
-She's pretty changeable.
-She's not the only one.
Ooh.
I didn't mean it like that. I just...
It's cool.
I'll see you at the wedding.
Cool.
-[Jay] Bye, Charlie.
-Yep.
Oh, you are a people person, aren't you?
There was a lot of subtext
in that interaction.
I'm exhausted just thinking about it.
Yeah, me, too. I don't wanna
talk about Charlie anymore.
I just wanna... live in the moment.
-Mm-hmm.
-Got another date.
-Mm!
-Number three.
♪
But I won't hesitate
-♪ No more
♪
-Okay, your date.
-Ugh, Sonal.
-No, no, no, no.
He has just opened his own
yoga and spiritual retreat.
♪
I'm yours
That's him, Milo.
No! That's Milo Boner, your actor friend.
It's pronounced "Bonn-er".
He was in that all-white
adaptation of
Hamilton.
Look, he's really excited to
meet you. Can you just be nice?
-He is kind of cute.
-He's really cute.
♪
It's our godforsaken right to be loved
Loved, loved, yeah
♪
-Okay. I'm doing this for you.
-For me?
-Hi, guys.
-Hi.
-Hey.
-Sonal, so lovely to see you.
Thank you so much for setting this up.
-Oh, of course.
-[Milo] Yeah.
[Sonal] Have you met my sister?
This is Pia.
-Hi.
-Hey, Pia.
Hi. Are you ready to try some yoga today?
Yeah. Yoga with a side
of cultural appropriation?
Okay, everybody, thank you so much.
If you'd like to come and join us.
[Charlie] Wow.
He's on, like, a way higher
plane than everyone else.
Some guys have it.
His chi is, like, through the roof.
[chuckles] It's really impressive, Lily.
Oh, thanks, babe! [chuckles]
Okay, we're gonna start
with some breathing exercises
and some poses.
And then...
we're gonna learn how to fly.
I'd like you to raise up your right foot.
Find balance.
Find peace.
We're strong, like an ox.
Oh, oh, oh!
Oh, my God.
-Charlie, brother, are you okay?
-I'm... I'm good, "brother".
-Did you break anything?
-Maybe the chair.
I'm fine. Just had a little tumble.
Hey, listen, man.
You can sit this one out.
I know that yoga can be
real tricky for beginners.
No, no, I'm... ready to yoga.
Yeah, I think we need to find peace.
Don't think I've found it.
We'll take our hands in prayer.
-Feel better?
-So much.
-I can see that.
-Hmm.
-Thank you, Milo.
-Thank you. Okay.
-[mouthing]
-[Milo] Uh, so let's reconnect
with our breathing.
♪
Open up your heart
Like a lotus
♪
Let it bloom
So, what do you think?
Well, he's got some interesting ideas.
[Sonal] Hmm.
And he's really confident. I like that.
-Hmm.
-I like that.
No man emerges perfect
straight out of the box.
Do you think Sam was like that
when we first met?
Oh, God, no. I had to whip him into shape.
-Really?
-Hey, my love.
-[gasps] Hi.
-Are you good?
-Oh, thank you.
-That's all right, baby.
-Pia, would you like one?
-I'm fine.
-You sure?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
-I'll see you.
-See you.
Come on, give him a chance.
-[Pia] Yeah.
-Yeah?
-Yeah, okay.
-Okay.
Do you mind if I give you this?
-Oh. Yeah. Sure.
-Yeah, sure.
Thanks.
Wow. Fans?
-Friends.
-Yeah.
-[chuckles]
-It's, uh, very beautiful.
Thank you.
-To ending it all.
-Sorry, what?
[chuckles]
If we give up everything,
all we're left with is ourselves.
Milo, um, yeah, let's...
That's great. I just would love
to get to know you.
Like, what, um... [clears throat]
Tell me about Milo. What does Milo like?
[chuckles] What's your favourite movie?
-Eat, Pray, Love.
-[chuckles] Of course it is.
Okay, let me ask you a question.
You want me to change your life?
-Sure.
-[chuckles] Great. Come on.
-Now?
-Right now.
Okay.
I think that we should walk
on that. [chuckles]
What? No!
-No, no, no. No.
-Why?
-Does it frighten you?
-Yeah, it does!
No, Pia, it's just
all in the mind, I promise you.
Yeah, well, that's exactly
what I'm feeling.
My mind is, like, terrified right now.
That's exactly why
we should do it. Trust me, Pia.
When you're on the coals,
we relinquish fear,
we relinquish the past,
we relinquish the future.
It's just us--
And the two burning stumps
where my feet used to be.
-It's a hot-coal ceremony!
-No!
You're gonna love it!
So long as you don't stop, keep moving,
it will be the most
transcendental feeling.
It's life changing.
Oprah did it.
-[crowd gasps]
-[Milo laughs]
[whooping]
-It was pretty good.
-Pia, it's your time.
-Now?!
-Now. Right now.
-Now is the moment.
-[mouthing]
Yeah, okay.
[Milo] Step into your new life.
-[sizzling]
-[gasps]
-I don't wanna do it!
-Hey!
-Okay, okay, you can do this.
-[Pia] Okay.
Just walk and trust the process.
Okay.
-[cheering]
-[Milo laughs]
[shouts] Yeah!
[laughs]
Oh, my God!
-Yeah, great.
-I kissed the yoga teacher!
[Charlie] That was, um...
-That was pretty impressive.
-[chuckles] Thank you.
I didn't really think you had it
in you, to be honest.
He's just such a special guy.
I guess he...
he just brought it out of me.
Yeah, he is special. So very special.
I was just coming over to say
we're gonna head off,
so if you wanted a lift,
I'd be happy to take you.
Oh, no, no.
I have a train booked for later.
I don't wanna get in the way
of you two lovebirds.
I'm just gonna stay here and...
take in the space, soothe my chakras.
Enjoy.
Thank you.
-Hey, sunbeam.
-Hey, you.
[laughs] Oh, Milo,
I cannot thank you enough.
-Oh...
-Look at me! [laughs]
-Yeah.
-I feel so liberated.
You're glowing.
I would have never, ever have
done anything like that. Ever.
As sure as the Earth is round...
No, well, this is what
I've been trying to tell people.
Let's do it together. [chuckles]
Let's spread the word.
-You agree?
-[chuckles] I totally agree.
That the Earth isn't round?
Oh, I see, Mr Technical!
Um, it's, uh... it's spherical.
No. Well, no, no,
it isn't spherical either, no.
Then what is it?
The Earth is flat, Pia.
The science is incredibly clear on that.
You're... joking?
So, what about all of those
photos from space?
Fake.
-So, space is--
-Fake, yes.
It's a conspiracy
that is spread by mainstream media
and the government
to keep us from the truth.
I see.
Is there alcohol in this?
-Yeah.
-[softly] Great.
[gulps drink]
Oh, fuck!
I'll be right back.
-Charlie, wait!
-No! Where are you going?
He is outside of his mind.
I guess all we have at the end
of the day is art, you know.
♪
Futures made of virtual insanity
I appreciate the effort, but...
-Bye.
-No, no!
♪ Of our new technology
♪
Oh, now there is no sound
♪ Cos she thinks the Earth is round, oh
♪
-Thanks for the lift.
-[exhales]
No problem.
-You seem a little...
-What?
Withdrawn.
Just driving.
It's just that spending
so much time with you recently
has made me think about how we used to be.
-Charlie?
-Mm-hmm?
We both knew I wanted to move to London.
You knew it was my dream.
-It was your dream, yeah.
-You can't always put it on me.
I'm not putting it all on you.
We just had a plan.
To get back together again
after you graduated from uni.
-Remember?
-But we were 18.
Yeah, we were 18,
and we promised to meet up
after you graduated,
on your 21st birthday,
in Welwyn, remember?
I know! I remember! But we
weren't really in touch anymore!
We weren't, but I still went.
And I waited.
Outside of WH Smith in Welwyn,
just as we planned.
Well, I wrote to you every day
in my first year.
You weren't willing to leave Welwyn.
You made that clear.
You knew about my dad and the restaurant!
I couldn't leave him high and dry!
You couldn't deal with the fact
I didn't want to go to uni!
-You're being mean.
-I'm not being mean.
It was your choice.
What are we doing, then?
It's unresolvable.
All I know is we had a plan
and I stuck to it,
and you never turned up.
Well, what about you?
You never visited me the whole
time I was at uni, did you?
[Charlie sighs]
Right here's fine for me, too, actually.
Oh, my God. [exhales]
Sorry, Lily, I... I completely
forgot you were there.
Listen, this thing you two have,
and believe me when I say
it's definitely a thing,
it needs sorting out.
Personally, I think you guys
would make a really cute couple.
[Pia sighs]
Pia, just wait. Pia!
[phone chimes]
[♪ "Dylan" by frogi]
[sighs]
-One, two, three, four.
-[Indian music]
Walk, two, three, four.
Pose. Pose.
Okay, that was much better.
Much better. Beautiful.
P, what happened with Milo?
We just had, um, a difference of opinion
on some fundamental stuff.
It didn't look like that when
you were eating his face.
Sorry, Mum.
Is that true, Beta?
Were you eating his face?
No, Mum. I was kissing him.
Like... [kissing sound]
-[groans]
-What's going on with Charlie?
-Yeah.
-Nothing.
-No vibes?
-No, Son, he is exhausting.
I feel bad for these boys, Pia.
You're too picky.
-[Sonal] Hmm!
-Not true!
Look at Akshay. Such a wonderful boy.
Did... did you eat his face?
No, Mum, I didn't eat his face.
Why didn't you eat his face?
Something wrong with his face?
No, Christ, Mum, I don't know
why I didn't eat Akshay's face.
She doesn't know what she wants.
That's why she needs us to guide her.
Can you not talk about me
like I'm not sitting right here?
-God, you're so touchy.
-Hmm! So touchy.
-[Sonal] Hmm.
-I'm gonna go get a drink.
Can you make sure her husband's
name is hidden in there?
[thud]
[clears throat]
Mum, these dates, they are all nonsense.
Beta, shh.
The guy that Dad set me up with,
Sid or whatever his name is,
he's actually just this
business billionaire swinger
looking for his next business partner.
And you know what, Son? Your guy, Milo,
I'm sorry, he is a simple-minded buffoon
-that thinks the Earth is flat.
-I didn't know!
And, Mum, I'm sorry, but you know Akshay,
he is in love with someone else.
And it's with you!
Have you no shame? You'll say
anything to make your point.
Um, Pia, chill, okay?
-What?
-It's time to stop.
No, stop telling me to chill! I am chill!
I'm just telling the truth!
At least I'm authentic
and not living through some
brown woman's Instagram.
-What?
-Oh, that is not fair, Pia.
Mum, you are constantly
photographing yourself with Dad
to pretend you are just
some perfect couple,
15 years after your divorce.
Why do you do it?
Is it to show everyone at home
that you're winning at life?
-We didn't win.
-Don't get me involved.
Well, I didn't win. I lost a dad.
He left and he never really came back.
And whose fault is that?
Pia, stop. You've overstepped.
[scoffs] I overstepped?
Cos I'm a complete disaster
and this is just the latest thing
on the long list of things
that I've screwed up.
-Stop.
-And what's next?
The studio's probably gonna
go bankrupt and that'll be that.
-What are you talking about?
-Nothing.
The studio is a success, Beta.
Pia, why didn't you tell me?
I would have helped.
How would you have helped me?
By dragging me back to suburban hell?
Oh, my God.
You are such a self-involved,
difficult, spoilt prick!
-I'm spoilt?!
-Hmm.
-How is this for spoiled?!
-[gasps]
This is my wedding.
I don't know if you've noticed,
but I am marrying Sam because I love him.
I'm not embarrassed or ashamed by it.
But you, you don't care about
anyone but yourself.
I want you to leave.
You know what?
Why don't you give
the wedding day a miss too?
I don't want your party favours.
Send me an invoice.
-I'll pay you.
-Beta...
I don't want any favours from you.
Oh. I got this.
Beta.
-Let me just change lenses.
-Ah, it's gonna be so good!
Look.
[girl] Do you like it?
How'd it go at the henna party?
Oh, well, um...
Let's see. I insulted my mum,
my sister kicked me out, quite literally,
and she doesn't wanna talk to me anymore.
So, I'm not invited to the wedding.
So, it was great.
Couldn't have gone worse.
Right. Well, we got this today.
-[bell rings]
-[chatter]
Well, this is perfect. Perfect timing.
Everything in my life is falling apart
and I have no idea what I'm doing, so--
How much for passport photos?
We don't do passport photos.
-This is a photo shop, innit?
-No, it's not. It's a...
Take it easy.
It's a portrait studio.
Have you... have you never
been to one before?
-Not really.
-Okay.
Um, come in. Come in, I'll show you.
Come, come, come.
Sit down.
People think that a photo
is taken with a camera.
-But it's not.
-[phone beeps]
Okay, technically, it is.
Um, sorry, let me start again.
[exhales] I'm not very good
at this. Um...
But I am good at taking photos.
I'm really good, actually.
Taking photos is about capturing beauty.
Whatever that might mean to you.
And when you take a photo,
you capture light.
You pluck it straight from the sky.
And...
I guess when I take a photo,
I like to bring out the light
from whoever's in front of my lens.
And then people are always like,
"Take my photo, take my photo."
But I can't take something
that isn't mine.
It's something that we do together.
Something that doesn't exist
unless we're both there.
Like a conversation, or a relationship.
-Do you know what I mean?
-Yeah.
Taking a photo is about capturing
a single moment in time
and making it live forever.
[phone beeps]
So, yeah... we don't do passport photos.
All right, everyone take some postcards,
and give them to your friends and family,
and tell them that you visited the studio
that was once called the Ninth Mandala.
Okay, guys, thanks so much for popping by.
Feel free to follow us on Instagram
at Ninth Mandala underscore Pia.
Okay, and we will let you know
when your photos are ready to collect.
[bell rings, door closes]
[softly] What?
That was amazing.
This place was supposed to be amazing.
I'm sorry I let you down, JJ.
I'm gonna go back to bed.
[phone chimes]
[Mum]
Pia, don't ignore my texts, Beta.
I need to talk to you. This is important.
Your sister's wedding
is at 3:00pm on Sunday.
Are you going to be there?
[Dad]
Hey, baby, it's me.
Look, I know your mum's horrible,
and I totally understand
why you're avoiding her,
but just checking you'll
be there, 3:00pm on Sunday.
Can you come early for group photographs?
[man]
Hello, calling from
Direct Collection Bailiffs.
We tried repeatedly
to get in touch with you
about your unpaid debt,
but unfortunately...
[knocking at door]
No, go away.
-[door opens]
-Not a chance.
Oh, my... God.
Morning.
-[Pia] Hi.
-[groans]
[grunts] Right.
Well, you look and smell rank.
[Pia] Thanks, Jay. I'm so glad
you came here to tell me that.
Listen, stinky, I'm not here
to bring you back to life.
I'm here because I miss you!
What are you doing?
Fuggaji said that you go on five dates.
You've had three.
Feast your eyes on date four.
[Pia chuckles]
It's Jay!
Yes, you stink,
but I'm still excited
to go on a date with you.
I can't, Jay.
Yes, you can.
Whoop! Look, come on,
I've brought all your favourite
things for breakfast.
Pizza, chocolate and champag-na.
What kind of pizza?
Well, it's actually
your favourite. Anchovy.
-Stuffed crust?
-Yeah, obviously.
Why don't you go and brush your teeth?
Do you think I'm being a spoilt brat?
You have enough people telling you
what you should be, okay?
I'm just here to get wasted and laugh
and help you let off
a little bit of steam.
It's time to get mash-up.
[laughs]
Jay, I haven't seen one of these
bad boys in years.
-Mm-hmm.
-You got a light?
-You don't have a light?
-You didn't bring a light?
No!
Hang on, I have an old trick from uni.
What do you mean, "a trick from uni"?
I just need you to get...
There's a battery in the top drawer.
A battery?
What the...
Oh. [chuckles]
Right, so this is what
brings you back from the dead?
-Oh, I know, right?
-The arsonist in you?
-[Pia exclaims]
-[chuckles] Ooh!
[Jay] Your hair's on fire!
Oh, my God, my hair! Jay!
[both scream]
I've let everyone down, JJ.
My mum, Son, you.
Did I ever tell you
how I came out to my mum?
Yeah.
Didn't you do that
PowerPoint presentation?
Mm-hmm.
It's not very original.
Yes, it was!
I literally projected images
of queer icons onto the wall.
But what I didn't tell you
was that after I finished
my amazing presentation,
Mum stood up and said, "I've got
a chicken to put in the oven."
Then she just walked out.
-That's it? That's all she said?
-Mm-hmm.
And I was so stressed about
what she thought about me
that I didn't bring it up again.
Until about a year later,
I was going out on what would
have been my first date,
and I just told her about him.
And she...
She took my hand and she put
three ten-pound notes in it.
She kissed me.
And she told me she was proud of me.
Then she told me
to have the time of my life.
What's wrong with me?
Look, come here. Come on.
[Jay grunts]
Hmm!
Sometimes, Pia, we have to take a risk.
Even if it's scary.
You have a lot of people
in your corner, Pia.
You just gotta let them in.
And eventually, your mum and your sister,
they will understand.
And until then, you've always got me.
You knew this was gonna be
the best date, didn't you?
-[chuckles]
-You were quietly confident.
[Jay] Mm-hmm.
Thank you. I'm lucky to have you.
[Pia chuckles]
Whoo!
[♪ "Golden Chapter" by Kiran + Nivi]
[chiming]
Come on, pick up, pick up,
pick up, pick up. Pick up!
[phone rings]
-[sighs]
-[phone beeps]
What, Jay?
-You're an overnight sensation.
-Excuse me?
Remember those kids from yesterday?
-Yeah.
-Look out your window.
[chatter outside]
They filmed your speech.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, it has 400,000 views and counting.
They're here for the studio?
Yes. Can you please just
get your bum downstairs?
Because we need to open up.
Okay. We are gonna need some help.
Uh, Jim? Jimothy?
-Yeah?
-Right, do you want a job?
-Oh, yes, please.
-Okay, brilliant.
Okay, so you're gonna go inside,
find some of my clothes,
they're in the bathroom.
Put them on, and then we're gonna open up
in about five minutes.
-Is that all right?
-Uh, yeah.
-Okay, right, go.
-Amazing.
-Go on, in. Okay.
-Thank you.
Thanks, guys. Five minutes.
-Hi.
-Hi!
-Welcome.
-Jay.
-Come on in.
-I can't believe it!
There she is. Can I get a picture?
-Um... sure.
-[camera clicks]
Excuse me, can I talk to you
about buying the print,
Akshay After the Shot?
Yeah.
Also, do you offer any kind of,
like, photography classes,
or anything like that?
-Yes.
-Yes!
-We do. Hi.
-Great!
I will ask our colleague,
Jimothy... Jim? Jim?
...to take your details.
I need to book some photos
of my wife, in-laws and dogs.
Okay, right, sure.
-Isn't it incredible?
-Yes, it is, Jim.
You need to go round
and collect everyone's details
-for a mailing list. Okay?
-Yes, yes. Right, yes.
-Are you ready?
-For what?
The wedding.
[exhales] No, Jay,
she doesn't want me to be there.
I haven't even done the party favours.
Course she wants you to be there.
You're her sister and her best friend.
And don't worry about the party favours.
-I've sorted it.
-What have you done?
You'll see when you get there.
Now can you go and get ready, please?
I will look after this place with Jim,
and I will meet you there later.
-I'm gonna go and get ready.
-You go. Go. Jim?
We are winging it. Let's do it.
[indistinct chatter]
Sam!
Sorry. Can we talk?
Now?
I'm looking for Sonal.
I really, really need to talk to her.
Look, I know you guys had a fight.
I also know it'll be okay.
You two can't go a day
without talking to each other.
-[chuckles]
-She'll be happy you're here.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
You and Charlie did a really
great job on these, Pia.
They're stunning.
Charlie made sure Sonal knew
how hard you worked on them.
-Thank you.
-[sighs]
They're so beautiful.
[chuckles] Charlie.
[Sam] Yeah.
You know he always wanted
to go with you to London.
But his family needed him.
He's never stopped thinking
about you, though.
I know.
[both laugh]
-Aw!
-[Sam laughs]
[Pia] This is so good.
-[Pia chuckles]
-It's really lovely work.
Thank you.
Well, um, I'll leave you to it.
Great. See you in a bit.
[phone chimes]
-[woman laughs]
-[man] Shh!
[woman moans]
[woman gasps]
[heavy breathing]
[man] Oh, shit.
-Mum?
-[clattering]
There's my phone.
Uh, I was just looking for it. I...
Oh... my God.
Uh, thank you, Akshay,
for helping me find it.
Yes, of course, Lax. Uh... [clears throat]
I mean, um, Mrs Jaswani.
I'll, uh...
I'll tell the caterers
that we've found it.
Um...
Lax is fine.
Okay, great.
[mouthing]
[Akshay clears throat]
-Uh, good to see you, Pia.
-Yeah.
[Mum clears throat]
Well...
I think he's really good for you, Mum.
-You do?
-Yeah, yeah, I do.
And he's really into you.
-Yeah. He is, isn't he?
-Wow, Mum!
It's so great to see you so happy.
Yeah. Yeah, Beta, I-I am. I am happy.
I'm happy. [chuckles]
Oh, listen. I saw your thing
on the internet.
-You spoke so beautifully, Pia.
-Thanks, Mum.
-I get it from you and Nani.
-Your nani was a force.
There just wasn't place
for a woman like her
in that society. [sighs]
But she would be so proud of you, Beta.
Hey, Mum! Come on.
I didn't even know
what I was saying in that video.
I didn't even know I was being filmed.
I loved when you said,
"Nothing unique can be created
unless two people take part."
It made me think of your dad and me.
Oh.
I don't think we should have got married.
You think?
But on the other hand, your dad
and I made you and Sonal,
our beautiful daughters
who bring us such joy,
-I... I can't even...
-You should tell him that.
Maybe.
But that
jhoota
left me.
Hey! Mum, come on,
we're having a nice moment.
And, yes, I have been very lonely.
But let me just say,
Akshay has ignited my spirits...
-Yeah!
-..by making a raging fire
in what had become a very chilly place.
Okay, okay, Mum,
that's too much information.
Point is, Akshay's attracted to me
precisely because I go my own way.
Mum, exactly.
You deserve all the happiness.
And you? What do you deserve?
[rustling]
These are the keys to the security box.
The jewellery is now yours.
Mum...
I don't want to get married.
-Have you not been listening?
-[yells] No!
What did I just say two seconds ago?
You said, um...
[sobs] Oh, my God!
You said, uh, that marriage
isn't for everyone.
-[gasps]
-Exactly right.
So take the jewellery,
invest it in your photography,
and go and make a difference in the world.
-Oh, Beta!
-I love you, Mum.
Oh, I love you too, Beta. [sniffles]
I love you, too. [exhales]
And you... you ate his face.
[groans] Oh, I...
Yeah, I did.
[Pia] Son?
I'm so sorry, Sonal. [sighs]
I was stupid and selfish
and I really let you down.
You can be a massive arsehole.
Yeah, I'll give you that.
You're out in the world,
doing remarkable things.
I just make it up as I go along.
You've got it figured out.
You bring people together, Son.
Well, I never got 150,000 views.
Uh, what about that time
you flashed your perfect arse on TikTok?
You know that wasn't intentional.
Girl, you brought joy to so many people!
[both laugh]
[Sonal] The gifts you made, I love them.
-Yeah?
-The little photograph books?
They're the best part of the wedding.
[exhales]
[Indian accent] Time for enjoyment?
-[Indian accent] Full enjoyment!
-[both laugh]
[Indian music plays]
[cheering]
[whoops]
[music continues]
[cheering, applause]
[cameras click]
-Let's have a family photo.
-No, we're not doing this now.
That's it, Dad.
You've got enough photos
to last a lifetime.
We're not keeping up appearances anymore.
She wants something real, Dad.
A photo with you, Sam, Son and Jane.
Where is that sweet girl of yours, Mukul?
Ah! Jane, come. Come on.
-I love you.
-I know.
Come on, everybody.
Let's all have a photo. Come on.
Everyone say, "Paneer!"
[all] Paneer!
[upbeat music plays]
[Jay] Pia! P, hon.
JJ! You made it!
Oh, Pia, we are booked up
for the next three months.
-Shut up!
-No, seriously.
It was absolutely insane.
-Really?
-[chuckles] Yeah.
Jay, you are amazing.
None of this would have
ever happened without you.
And hey, those party favours, saint-like!
You're welcome.
[indistinct chatter]
Sorry, but is your mum making moves?
Yeah. There's a lot that's happened
in the past three hours.
I'll have to update you.
Okay, well, I'm low-key
obsessed with that.
-Me, too!
-I'm gonna go and investigate.
[gasps]
-[exhales]
-So, Pia...
[chuckles] Hi.
Did you find the one?
No, Fuggaji, no, I didn't.
And I didn't even go on five dates.
Not yet.
But you will.
[chiming]
-Wait, Fuggaji.
-Yes, Beti?
Why don't you put a vest on,
it's getting a bit chilly.
[laughs]
Pia, baby.
-Hi, Dad.
-Hi.
Shall we... dance?
Come on. [chuckles]
You know, I saw you on YouTube.
-Oh, no. [chuckles]
-Yeah, yeah.
You're just like your mother.
You know...
Just this fierce self-belief.
[exhales] I admire that.
You know, Laxmi and I,
we've made some mistakes,
but... [sighs]
...you are not one of them.
You just burn brightly, okay?
We're very proud of you.
Pia, you're going to light up this world.
Thanks, Dad.
[phone rings]
[sighs]
-I've gotta go.
-Okay.
You need to tell me now? Okay.
[Pia] Oh.
[gasps] Oh, no. I'm going with Milo, babe.
[Pia exhales]
-I'm hungry.
-Let's eat.
Charlie, I'm sorry.
I... I've just gotta say this.
You know, I... I really fought for so...
-I'm--
-...so long
about the kind of life
that I wanted to have,
-and I was such an idiot.
-I'm not gonna take long, but--
Seriously, Charlie, just let me say this.
I guess I thought being
independent meant being alone.
But seeing you made me realise something.
I'm gonna call you back.
-Sorry, Pia.
-Did you hear any of that?
I did.
You said seeing me again
made you realise something.
And despite everything
we've gone through, Charlie,
I can't shake this feeling.
And what feeling might that be?
That you're the one for me.
Always have been.
Always will be.
-Pia...
-[exhales] Yeah?
Staying in Welwyn
was the hardest decision I've--
What are you doing?!
We're having a moment!
-We are, we are!
-[sighs]
I'm just gonna do my bit.
-I'll be quick.
-You have 60 seconds.
-Seriously?
-Mm-hmm.
-Let's walk and talk, then.
-And now 50.
When you left Welwyn
and went to university,
I missed you a lot,
and I guess to distract myself from that,
I put everything
I had into the restaurant.
Hmm.
And now the restaurant's
doing really well.
And I'm doing really well.
But I still miss you.
I'm never not missing you, Pia.
[sighs] You know, I, uh...
I close my eyes sometimes
and I just... I jump to the end credits
-and there you are.
-[laughs]
Pia Jaswani, romantic interest number 13?
-[chuckles] Fifteen, man.
-Hmm.
-Fifteen's decent.
-Yeah, I like 15.
[chuckles]
-How long was that?
-I stopped counting.
[dramatic music plays]
[Indian music plays]
[chuckles]
Charlie...
do you wanna go on a date with me?
I would love to.
-No vibes, eh? Hmm?
-None.
[Pia] Time for enjoyment?
-[Sonal] Full enjoyment!
-[both laugh]
-[Indian pop music]
-[rhythmic clapping]
-Charlie! All right, mate?
-[door closes]
[Charlie] Hey, Jay.
-Busy in here.
-Nice, isn't it?
Um, Pia's upstairs.
Hey, don't shoot!
[both laugh]
[Pia] Go on, give me some passion.
-[camera clicks]
-[laughs]
-This, right here...
-Aw!
...is so cool.
The Sunday Times Magazine.
Have you seen it yet?
No.
I haven't looked at it yet.
There she is.
It's so weird.
[Charlie] You look so good.
Oh. Anyway.
"Though still in her 20s,
her Instagram presence
and the community that has
built up around her shop
have people in the photography
establishment taking notice."
"Her grandmother would
certainly be very proud."
I'm sure she would.
-Here.
-Thank you.
[Pia] Thank you.
♪ My love has got no money
he's got his strong beliefs
♪
♪ My love has got no power
he's got his strong beliefs
♪
♪ My love has got no fame
he's got his strong beliefs
♪
♪ Want more and more
people just want more and more
♪
♪ Freedom and love what he's looking for
♪ Freed from desire
mind and senses purified
♪
♪ Freed from desire
mind and senses purified
♪
♪ Freed from desire
mind and senses purified
♪
♪ Freed from desire
♪ Na-na-na-na-na, na-na na-na-na, na-na
♪
♪ My love has got no money
he's got his strong beliefs
♪
♪ My love has got no power
he's got his strong beliefs
♪
♪ My love has got no fame
he's got his strong beliefs
♪
♪ My love has got no money
he's got his strong beliefs
♪
♪ Want more and more
people just want more and more
♪
♪ Freedom and love what he's looking for
♪ Want more and more
people just want more and more
♪
♪ Freedom and love what he's looking for
♪ Freed from desire
mind and senses purified
♪
♪ Freed from desire
mind and senses purified
♪
♪ Freed from desire
mind and senses purified
♪
♪ Freed from desire
♪ Na-na-na-na-na, na-na na-na-na, na-na
♪
[♪ "Golden Chapter" by Kiran + Nivi]